Add remove_missing option to convert plugin (#6324)
beetbox/beets: docs/changelog.rst

- :doc:`plugins/tidal`: Add cover art support. Album metadata now includes
  ``cover_art_url`` from Tidal's ``coverArt`` relationship, which the
  :doc:`plugins/fetchart` plugin can retrieve.
- :doc:`plugins/convert`: Added the new ``remove_missing`` configuration and
  corresponding ``--remove-missing`` option to enable removing files in the

>   destination directory that were removed from the library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :doc:`plugins/convert`: Added a new ``remove_missing`` configuration option
  and corresponding ``-r``/``--remove-missing`` flags to remove files from the
  destination directory when they have been removed from the library.
```
